I am in the building am repping that I
am hands in the sky wave them listen is
our prison hey it's the ambassador um
nobody trying to tell everybody about uh
somebody who could save anybody in the
lobby and I'm just here to represent
Jesus Christ you know me formerly of
cross move in a pioneering Christian rap
group that had an emphasis on crystal
centrism and theological emphasis in
music integrated not as a law but just
as our own privilege and now I've after
that close that chapter re-emerges as a
solo is continuing in the same thing and
so that's me now exist music and we
coming out album in stores july 12
2011's called stop the funeral stop the
general that's what the gospel does it
puts it into destruction and death and
it announces and actually brings about
hope restoration and life and so I
figured what more appropriate topic
first in my own life is exhibit a but
then look around at the world as the
rest of the world needs somebody to stop
the death stop the decay stop the
destruction only Jesus Christ does it so
really it's an announcement of him and
his power to bring in in a whole season
where there's no more funerals no more
crying there we are going to see the
King you know how it is album concept is
birth out of my own personal story I
always try to use double entendres
things that actually mean one thing and
another the thesis was my second project
it was actual thesis that I did and it
was my thesis was that the greatest
either hip-hop was the input of Jesus
Jesus in hip-hop not marginalizing
hip-hop not as a law but as a privilege
chop-chop that meant both to break
something down so it can be digested and
it meant to dialogue because we say
let's chop it up that means enter into
dialogue and now stop the funeral which
is stop my own funeral God stopped my
funeral he stopped me from having to
death of Korea depth of dreams death of
pursuits and at the same time it's just
a generic stop the funeral which is just
what Jesus Christ came to earth to do to
put it into sin and
death to stop funerals and so that's how
I got the title and i believe it's
apropos for today because people need
hope you need to know that it's not over
that their errors is not the end of the
story that their losses is not the end
of it but Jesus Christ can speak like
the dry bones and bring things back this
is the error to announce that it doesn't
have to be over that it tells what it
should be over this times when death is
inevitable the question is who
determines that it's not critics it's
not mankind no one can say that's it the
Lord Jesus interrupted a morning session
in the scriptures and he said why are
y'all weeping she's only sleeping and
they laughed at him he put him out and
he said wake up daughter and so there
times when death is inevitable Lazarus
the Bible says that he heard about
Lazarus dying way two extra days till he
was good and dead and said now we ought
to go so that I can demonstrate that
even when you're dead that's not the end
of the story if Jesus shows up so that's
the inspiration right now this idea that
too much death is final so the Lord
Jesus and that's in my own life I was
inspired because I had errors in my own
life that threatened to make me fade to
black and people would have said night
they had and said nice going at least
what you did before was nice but move on
it's over but you know when the soul
doesn't say that and the Lord Jesus
doesn't say that it inspires you to want
to demonstrate that I'm not dead don't
close the casket stop the funeral well 1
i'm using primarily people have never
used before so it's going to have a
different texture different sound
lyrically i just i don't really know
because sometimes it's hard to critique
i definitely thought about how to be
true to myself and yet do some things
differently roasted it is some
simplicity to it lyrically because i
really wrote the album in a season where
flamboyance that I didn't want personal
flamboyance me personally I just again i
started the album that you know a lot of
that album at
time progressed got it showed a little
more variety and diversity in the
personality but at first I was a very
monochromatic just one color almost like
when you use black and white versus
color when you use something that's
grainy on purpose it's like literally
there was a somberness that matched the
state of my soul as in process i went
from black and white to color in vibrant
so I think lyrically you're going to see
some acrobatics but you'll also see
sometimes when it's just simple like a
song I have caught up down very simple
police the Icebreaker call because he
loved it was very simple these are the
things that were part of the earlier
works but then you'll see some things
get a little more complex like on pop
pop or not complex but show a little
more life in fun and so again people and
let me know what y'all think really this
is just a launch of a campaign everybody
caught you know supposedly has a
campaign but for us it really is a
campaign this fall lord willing Lord see
the same and continues to bring things
full circle misfits tour myself the
truth Sean Simmons and mildly music we
were looking forward to that just going
from place to place company with Chris
durso a riotous speaks and we're going
to be doing some things Ramos oh I
believe so we're going to be on tour and
we believe that God is going to honor
that and you just stay again stop the
funeral in stores July 12 2011
come Jesus is all the world no well to
me he is my life he's everything are you
think I'm a rapper Fred Hammond
reincarnate in a slimmer frame was
popping to some specs on and a cat